README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
    <img alt="Raidar" src="https://res.cloudinary.com/voss/image/upload/v1564853274/readme_logos/logo_2x_fvfyi5.png" />
    <br>
</h1>

<h4 align="center">
  Twitch's Technology Streams in Portuguese Hub
</h4>
<p align="center">
  <img alt="GitHub top language" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/vbertazzo/raidar.svg">

  <img alt="GitHub language count" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/vbertazzo/raidar.svg">

  <img alt="Repository size" src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/vbertazzo/raidar.svg">
  <a href="https://github.com/vbertazzo/raidar.svg/commits/master">
    <img alt="GitHub last commit" src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/vbertazzo/raidar.svg">
  </a>

  <a href="https://github.com/vbertazzo/raidar.svg/issues">
    <img alt="Repository issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/vbertazzo/raidar.svg">
  </a>

  <img alt="GitHub" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/vbertazzo/raidar">
</p>

## 🚀 Technologies

This project was developed with the following technologies:

-  [ReactJS](https://reactjs.org/)
-  [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
-  [Twitch.tv API](https://dev.twitch.tv/docs/api/)
-  [React Router](https://github.com/ReactTraining/react-router)
-  [styled-components](https://www.styled-components.com/)
-  [Axios](https://github.com/axios/axios)
-  [Polished](https://polished.js.org/)
-  [React-Toastify](https://fkhadra.github.io/react-toastify/)
-  [React-Icons](http://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/)
-  [React-Spinners](https://www.react-spinners.com/)
-  [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) / [EditorConfig](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=EditorConfig.EditorConfig) / [ESLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint)

## 📜 Usage

To clone and run this application, you'll need [Git](https://git-scm.com), [Node.js v10.16](https://nodejs.org/) or higher + [Yarn v1.13](https://yarnpkg.com/) or higher installed on your computer. From your command line:

```bash
# Clone this repository
$ git clone https://github.com/vbertazzo/raidar.git

# Go into the repository
$ cd raidar

# Install dependencies
$ yarn install

# Run the app
$ yarn start
```

## 📝 License
This project is [MIT](https://github.com/kefranabg/readme-md-generator/blob/master/LICENSE) licensed.

---

> 🐨 [bertazzo.me](https://bertazzo.me) &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
> GitHub [@vbertazzo](https://github.com/vbertazzo) &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
> Twitter [@vtazzo](https://twitter.com/vtazzo)

Commit message:

docs: Add Twitch API steps to README

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
    <img alt="Raidar" src="https://res.cloudinary.com/voss/image/upload/v1564853274/readme_logos/logo_2x_fvfyi5.png" />
    <br>
</h1>

<h4 align="center">
  Twitch's Technology Streams in Portuguese Hub
</h4>
<p align="center">
  <img alt="GitHub top language" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/vbertazzo/raidar.svg">

  <img alt="GitHub language count" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/vbertazzo/raidar.svg">

  <img alt="Repository size" src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/vbertazzo/raidar.svg">
  <a href="https://github.com/vbertazzo/raidar.svg/commits/master">
    <img alt="GitHub last commit" src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/vbertazzo/raidar.svg">
  </a>

  <a href="https://github.com/vbertazzo/raidar.svg/issues">
    <img alt="Repository issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/vbertazzo/raidar.svg">
  </a>

  <img alt="GitHub" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/vbertazzo/raidar">
</p>

## 🚀 Technologies

This project was developed with the following technologies:

-  [ReactJS](https://reactjs.org/)
-  [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
-  [Twitch.tv API](https://dev.twitch.tv/docs/api/)
-  [React Router](https://github.com/ReactTraining/react-router)
-  [styled-components](https://www.styled-components.com/)
-  [Axios](https://github.com/axios/axios)
-  [Polished](https://polished.js.org/)
-  [React-Toastify](https://fkhadra.github.io/react-toastify/)
-  [React-Icons](http://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/)
-  [React-Spinners](https://www.react-spinners.com/)
-  [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) / [EditorConfig](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=EditorConfig.EditorConfig) / [ESLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint)

## 📜 Usage

To clone and run this application, you'll need [Git](https://git-scm.com), [Node.js v10.16](https://nodejs.org/) or higher + [Yarn v1.13](https://yarnpkg.com/) or higher installed on your computer. From your command line:

```bash
# Clone this repository
$ git clone https://github.com/vbertazzo/raidar.git

# Go into the repository
$ cd raidar

# Install dependencies
$ yarn install

# Run the app
$ yarn start
```

In order to receive information from the Twitch API, you'll need to have a [Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/) account. 

1. Register an account on [Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/).

2. Access the [developer dashboard](https://dev.twitch.tv/console) and register an application.

3. Rename the `.env.example` file to `.env.local`.

4. Add your "Client ID" value to `.env.local` file and you're good to go.

## 📝 License
This project is [MIT](https://github.com/kefranabg/readme-md-generator/blob/master/LICENSE) licensed.

---

> 🐨 [bertazzo.me](https://bertazzo.me) &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
> GitHub [@vbertazzo](https://github.com/vbertazzo) &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
> Twitter [@vtazzo](https://twitter.com/vtazzo)
